AboutMe.md, before:

# SAI BALAJI GADI
My name is **Sai Balaji Gadi**, I am from vijayawada and I completed my undergraduation from **Velagapudi Ramakrishna Siddhartha Engineering College** in the stream of mechanical engineering and at present everything is working on software so, I choosed **Computer Science** for my masters.

I have added my image to repo [Click here to Open](https://github.com/SaiBalaji2001/assignment2-GADI/blob/main/MyPhoto.jpg)

---

# This Section is for Tables
The below table i have written represent about the countries i would like recommed you for vaccation and In this table you can see what are the countries i have recommeded and you can also know reason why i recommed this countries and finally you can also know duration of my vaccation.

| Name | Reason | Days Spend|
| --- | --- | --- |
| United States | Hisotrical landmarks and there are wonderful places to explore | 60 |
| India | Rich in culture and tradition we should know | 90 |
| Dubai | Advanced technology and development we should see and place to relax more | 30 |
| France | There are world-class art and architecture we should see and there are beautiful places we should explore | 60 |
| Ukraine | There are Wonderful landmarks we should visit | 30 |

Commit message:

Added pithy quotes to my repo

AboutMe.md, after:

# SAI BALAJI GADI
My name is **Sai Balaji Gadi**, I am from vijayawada and I completed my undergraduation from **Velagapudi Ramakrishna Siddhartha Engineering College** in the stream of mechanical engineering and at present everything is working on software so, I choosed **Computer Science** for my masters.

I have added my image to repo [Click here to Open](https://github.com/SaiBalaji2001/assignment2-GADI/blob/main/MyPhoto.jpg)

-----------

# This Section is for Tables
The below table i have written represent about the countries i would like recommed you for vaccation and In this table you can see what are the countries i have recommeded and you can also know reason why i recommed this countries and finally you can also know duration of my vaccation.

| Name | Reason | Days Spend|
| --- | --- | --- |
| United States | Hisotrical landmarks and there are wonderful places to explore | 60 |
| India | Rich in culture and tradition we should know | 90 |
| Dubai | Advanced technology and development we should see and place to relax more | 30 |
| France | There are world-class art and architecture we should see and there are beautiful places we should explore | 60 |
| Ukraine | There are Wonderful landmarks we should visit | 30 |

-----------

# This Section is for Pithy Quotes 
> THIS IS MY FAVORITE BOOK IN ALL THE WORLD, THOUGH I HAVE NEVER READ IT
>> *William Goldman*

> THE SECRET OF STAYING YOUNG IS TO LIVE HONESTLY. EAT SLOWLY, AND LIE ABOUT YOUR AGE
>> *Lucille Ball*
